Expand on 0.7.0 highlights (#933)
napari/docs: docs/release/release_0_7_0.md

channel](https://napari.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/309872-plugins) or by
coming to one of our [community meetings](meeting-schedule).

### More pixels to play with - texture tiling

Ever loaded a large 2D image in napari just to zoom in and find it's blurrier
than a JPEG from the year 2000? That's no longer the case!

Courtesy of our community contributor, Guillaume Witz (@guiwitz), and his PR for
texture tiling ([PR #8395](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8395)) 2D
images that exceed OpenGL's maximum texture size will be split into multiple

> tiles, each small enough to fit on the GPU, and rendered as separate vispy `Image` node.

Reviewer: Too much detail for highlights IMO.

```suggestion
images that exceed OpenGL's maximum texture size will be split into multiple
tiles, each small enough to fit on the GPU.
```

Open the `Layer metadata` widget from the `Plugins` menu and you can view File information, and view and edit Axes metadata such as
axis labels, translation and scale! You can also use the widget to copy specified metadata across to other layers.

Check out the [README](https://github.com/napari/napari-metadata) for some usage documentation, and feel
free to open an issue to request new features -- we're actively improving this plugin so, more to come!

### (Layer) Features galore

Prior to 0.7.0, our Features table widget only supported showing individual selected layer features.

With [#8189](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8189), courtesy of our community 
contributor Marcelo Zoccoler (@zoccoler), the widget will display
features of all selected layers! The layer's name is displayed in an additional column, so you 
always know what you're looking at, and you can choose to display only the shared feature columns
across all layers. Pretty slick!

![GIF displaying the usage of the features table with multiple selected layers.](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e06fd403-ed03-4edd-9192-a4e287d25ff7)

> ### Imitation is the highest form of flattery - smarter new layer buttons

Reviewer: Lol, funny fut a bit confusing what it's about :sweat_smile:

Author: Hahaha yeah I got a bit carried away, fixing in upcoming commit.

Prior to 0.7.0, creating a new layer Points, Shapes or Labels layer would give you a layer
with extent and dimensionality equal to the union of all currently open layers, and with
none of the other spatial information (scale, units, etc.) inherited.

Now, with [#8357](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8357) you can create a new Shapes
or Points layer (Labels coming soon!) that inherits from a selected layer
(or a combination of selected layers)! Your new layer will copy all spatial information

> from its ancestor, ready for annotating!

Reviewer 2: It there is more than one ancestor it only copy scale

Author: Fixed in upcoming commit.

TODO: add image of the different button visual, once merged, and note

If you wish to recover the original behavior, deselect all existing layers before creating your new layer.

PS -- You can now also create these new layers from the `File -> New Layer` menu!

### Negative axis labels? A real positive

If you've ever loaded data of mixed dimensionality in napari, like a TYX volume
alongside a YX segmentation, you may have noticed the default axis labels didn't
quite line up:

```
axes  | 0 | 1 | 2
volume| 0 | 1 | 2
segmt |   | 0 | 1

> ```

Reviewer: these can be actual markdown tables

Author: Fixed.
